annotationsfromMechanicalTurk.
bershipandsubevent(Hovyetal.,2013). However,
itsimplicationsincross-documentsettingsremain
Intheupcomingsections,wefirstpositionour
unclear. In this work, we specifically focus on a
workwithintheexistingCDECliterature(§2). We
cross-documentsetup. AshighlightedbyRecasens
then describe our methodology for preparing the
etal.(2012),adirectannotationofquasi-identity
sourcecorpus(§3), andourcrowdsourcingsetup
relationsishardbecauseannotatorsmightnotbe
forcollectingcoreferenceannotationsonthiscor-
familiarwiththephenomenon. Therefore,wepro-
pus(§4). In§5,wepresentastudyofquasi-identity
pose a new annotation workflow that allows for
ofeventsinourdataset. Finally,in§6,wepresent
easydeterminationofquasi-identitylinks. Tothis
twobaselinesmodelsfortheproposeddataset.
end, we collect evidence for time, location, and
participant(s)overlapbetweencoreferingmentions. 2 RelatedWork
Wealsocollectinformationregardinganypotential
EventCoreference: Widelystudiedintheliter-
inclusionrelationshipbetweenthementionpair.
ature, with datasets curated for both within and
Our workflow allowed us to empirically iden-
cross-document tasks. ACE 2005 (Walker et al.,
tify a new type of quasi-identity, spatiotemporal
2006), OntoNotes (Weischedel et al., 2013), and
continuity,inadditiontotheexistingtypesdefined
TAC-KBP(Mitamuraetal.,2017)arecommonly
by Hovy et al. (2013). Figure 1 illustrates this
usedbenchmarksforwithin-documentcoreference.
phenomenon using the case of [Haitian cholera]
Forcross-documentcoreference,ECB+(Cybulska
outbreak. Theeventgraduallyevolvesoverspace
andVossen,2014)isawidelypopularbenchmark
and time, leading to cases of partial coreference.
and is an extended