
calbeliefsaboutthecommunity. Whilethereisno thefundamentalforcesenablingLLMs’dominance
directoverlapbetweenourquestionsandMetasur- andotherchangesentirelynew.
veyquestions,participantsraisedthetopicsofscal-
ingup,benchmarkingculture,anonymouspeerre- Our participants described cycles of change
view,andtheroleofindustryresearch,whichwere in the NLP community from mid-80s to the
the subject of Metasurvey questions. Where we present, with common themes of first exploiting
canmapbetweenourthematicanalysisandMeta- andthenexploringpromisingmethodologies. Each
surveyquestions,weseeagreement–e.g. manyof methodological shift brought corresponding cul-
ourparticipantsdiscussedothersvaluingscale,but turalchange: theshiftfromsymbolictostatistical
fewplacedhighvaluethemselvesonscalingupas methodsbroughtabouttheriseofbenchmarkcul-
aresearchcontribution. ture and the end of the socially mediated, small-
TheavailabilityoftheACLAnthologyhasen- network ACL community. Neural methods be-
abledquantitativestudiesofourcommunityviapat- ganthecentralizationonsoftwaretoolkitsandthe
ternsofcitation,authorship,andlanguageuseover methodologiestheysupport. Pre-trainingintensi-
time. Andersonetal.(2012)performatopicmodel fied this software lottery, causing unprecedented
analysis over the Anthology to identify different levelsofcentralizationonindividualmethodsand
eras of research and better understand how they models. Currentmodelshavecalledintoquestion
developovertime,andanalyzefactorsleadingau- thevalueofbenchmarksandcatapultedNLPinto
thorstojoinandleavethecommunity. Mohammad the public eye. Our participants largely agree on
(2020)analyzecitationpatternsin*CLconferences theresultingincentives–tobeatbenchmarkresults,
acrossresearchtopicsandpapertypes,andSingh todotheeasiestthingratherthanthemostfulfilling,
etal.(2023)specificallyinspectthephenomenon to produce work faster and faster – while largely
whereinmorerecentpapersarelesslikely