,emotions,andmoralswithinstories.
of 1,500 personal stories, with crowdsourced an-
Most relevant to our work are recent advances
nontationsofthefree-textsummariesofthemain
in social and emotional commonsense reasoning
event,emotion,andmoralofthestories,aswellas
using using language models. Specifically, prior
anempathicsimilarityscorebetween2,000pairs
methodshaveusedfinetuningoflanguagemodels
ofstories. Wefindthatfinetuningonourpairedsto-
such as BERT (Devlin et al., 2019; Reimers and
riesdatasettopredictempathicsimilarityimproves
Gurevych, 2019) and GPT-2 (Radford et al.) to
performanceonautomaticmetricsascomparedto
modeleventsandtheemotionalreactionscaused
off-the-shelfsemanticsimilaritymethods.
by everyday events (Rashkin et al., 2019, 2018;
Whileautomaticevaluationavaluablesignalof
Sap et al., 2019b; Bosselut et al., 2019; Wang
model quality, it is crucial to showcase the real-
etal.,2022;Westetal.,2022;Mostafazadehetal.,
world impact of our task on improving empathy
2020)aswellaspredictingempathy,condolence,
towards peopleâ€™s stories. As such, we conducted
orprosocialoutcomes(Lahnalaetal.,2022a;Ku-
afulluserstudywith150participantswhowrote
mano et al., 2017; Boukricha et al., 2013; Zhou
their own personal journal entries and were pre-
andJurgens,2020;Baoetal.,2021). Understand-
sented stories retrieved by our model (and by a
ingtheemotionalreactionselicitedbyeventsisa
semantic similarity baseline). Our results show
challenging task for many NLP systems, as it re-
that users empathize significantly more with sto-
quirescommonsenseknowledgeandextrapolation
riesretrievedbyourfinetunedempathicsimilarity
of meanings beyond the text alone. Prior works
model compared to those from a semantic sim