-characterisingrealisticracingagents(e.g.,flexible
ments, which present challenges outside the conventional
sensor placements, multimodal cameras, and various ve-
scopeofurbanandhighwaydriving.
hicle dynamics profiles), and we provide numerous tools
Track racing. In autonomous racing, agents must make
for fine-grained agent evaluation (e.g., random and fixed
sub-second decisions in regimes of unstable physical dy-
spawn locations, custom racing map construction, and in-
namics,whereintheramificationsofcontrolactionscanbe
jectionofexternaldisturbances). Usingthesefacilities,we
amplifiedorsuppressed,non-linearly,dependingonvehicu-
enable research in problems that require agents to make
larandenvironmentalstate.CarRacing-v0,anOpenAI-gym
safety-critical, sub-second decisions in dynamically unsta-
environment [8], is a simple racing environment, which
ble contexts, such as autonomous racing, real-time uncer-
usesonlybirdâ€™s-eye-view(BEV)observations. In[17],re-
taintyanalysisinhighwaydriving, andtrajectoryforecast-
searchers trained agents to race in the video game Gran
ing.Inthispaper,weexemplifyalgorithmdevelopmentand
TurismoSport,buthavenotyetreleasedtheirenvironment.
benchmarkingofmethodsunderlearningfromdemonstra-
Moreover,insteadofusingsensoryperception,agentswere
tions,reinforcementlearning,andmodel-predictivecontrol.
directlyprovidedwithprivilegedinformation,e.g.,distance
Concretely,ourcontributionsinclude:(i)theArrivalAu-
to obstacles and road boundaries. TORCS [3] is an open-
tonomous Racing Simulator, which simulates high-fidelity
source simulator and is used by the Simulated Car Racing
competition-style tracks, vehicles, and various sensor sig-
Championship[27], despiteitsgame-likequalities. Asthe
nals;(ii)theLearn-to-Race(L2R)framework,aplug-
goalofsimulatorsshouldbetoaccuratelymodelthedynam-
and-play environment, which defines