enspoofingal-
To include the latest deep-learning speech synthesizers,
gorithmsintentionally,aimingtogiveinsightsofthegeneral-
[15] provides a synthetic speech dataset called Fake or Real
izationperformanceoftheproposedcountermeasuremodels.
(FoR),improvingvarietyofthedeepfakespeechdataforthis
InorderforageneralASVsystemtoevaluatethisdataset,we
purpose. Wehave,infact,alsousediteffectivelyinthecon-
generate4914bonafidepositivepairsand4914negativepairs
textofthiswork.
for each attack (A07-A19) from original evaluation set. We
also generate 15970 positive pairs and 15970 negative pairs
2. COMPARINGHUMANANDMACHINE
toevaluatetheoverallattackingabilityoverallattacks.
GENERATEDSPEECHINSPOOFINGATTACKS
To best evaluate the threats of different attacks, we train
ASV systems under unconstrained recording and speaking
As a first step, in this paper, we compare the threats from
conditions(essentiallydata-in-the-wild). Forthis,weusethe
impersonation attacks with the synthetic speech attacks and
VoxCelebdataset,whichisalargescalepubliclydatasetcon-
establishthatdeepsynthesizedfakesareinfactthemostdan-
taining millions of utterances collected from unconstrained
gerousattacksforASVsystems.
speech samples [16]. It has many speakers and millions of
utterances under different recording conditions. This can be
2.1. Datasets
effectively used to evaluate the potential of any given ASV
methodology to generalize to unseen speakers and uncon-
Forourexperimentsweusefourdatasets: thelogicalaccess
strainedconditions[16,17].
(LA) of ASVspoof 2019 dataset [9], the VoxCeleb dataset
[16], the FoR dataset [15] and our own collected imperson-
ationdataset(CID).
2.2. Analyzing performance under attacks on black-box
The CID dataset is collected from the performances of
andwhite-boxASVsystems
expert impersonators on YouTube