 eling research focuses on profile inference or ex-
Figure 5 demonstrates four window-level predic- traction. Previous work on user profile inference
tions from generation-based model with relevant focuses on some specific attributes such as gen-
inputcontext. Thefirstcaseshowsthatthemodel der (Rao et al., 2011; Liu et al., 2012; Liu and
candirectlycopyrelevantinformationfromcontext. Ruths,2013;Sakakietal.,2014),age(Rosenthal
Thesecondandthirdcasesshowthatthemodelcan andMcKeown,2011;Sapetal.,2014;Chenetal.,
infertheinformationbasedonthecontext. Thelast 2015;Fangetal.,2015;Kimetal.,2017),andpo-
caseshowsanerrorthatthemodeldoesnotfully litical polarity (Rao et al., 2010; Al Zamal et al.,
utilizetheinformationprovidedby“wrestle”and 2012;Demszkyetal.,2019). Theyoftenconsider
generatesincorrectinformation,possiblyaffected themasmulti-classclassificationproblems. Most
bytheotherword“show”. Thiscaseindicatesthe ofthesemethodsusethecontextofthosesocialme-
importantceofbackgroundinformationforaspe- diaposts. Alternatively, user nameandprofile in
cificattributevalue. socialmedia(Liuetal.,2012;LiuandRuths,2013),
part-of-speechanddependencyfeatures(Rosenthal
4.5 RemainingChallenges andMcKeown,2011),users’socialcircles(Chen
Althoughachievingimprovementonopen-domain et al., 2015) and photos (Fang et al., 2015) have
attribute inference, we still find that the model’s beenexploredasadditionalimportantfeaturesfor
performance on attributes with low training sam- different attribute inference. But those classifica-
plesisgenerallymuchlowerthanonattributeswith tionsettingshaveapre-definedontologyorlabel
richsamples. Itisstillunderinvestigationforbetter set,whichisdifficulttoextendtootherattributes.
generalizationontheselow-resourceattributes. Inadditiontoclassification-basedmethods,there
WikiDataprovidesrichprof