mainmodel
for Atomic relations, Glucose relations and Re-
alis while models for Sequentiality and SimGen
are used without further training. Features of
3 Event-annotatedData
storysentencesareextractedasinputintothemain
model. Becauselanguagemodellingalonemight
not be sufficient to learn such features (Gordon
We use the English-based Event-annotated sen-
andVanDurme,2013;Sapetal.,2019a),wepro-
tences from stories in the Hippocorpus dataset
vide the extracted features to the model instead
to study event boundaries. This dataset contains
of relying on the language models to learn them
240 diary-like crowdsourced stories about every-
implicitly.
day life experiences, each containing an average
of16.4sentencesandareannotatedatthesentence
Atomic relations are event relations from a so-
level(Sapetal.,2022). Storieswereinspectedfor
cialcommonsenseknowledgegraphcontainingnu-
theabsenceofoffensiveorperson-identifyingcon-
merous events that can be related to one another
tent. Fortheannotation,eightcrowdworkerswere
(Sapetal.,2019a). Theeventrelationsinthisgraph
shownastorysentencebysentenceandwereasked
consistsof:
to mark whether each sentence contained a new
EmotionalReaction,
surprisingorexpectedeventboundary,ornoevent
TheEffectofanevent,
boundaryatall,basedontheirsubjectivejudgment
Wanttodoaftertheevent,
(Sapetal.,2022). SummarizedinTable1,basedon
WhatNeedstobedonebeforeanevent,
themajoritarianvote,mostsentences(57.5%)con-
TheIntentiontodoacertainevent,
tainnoeventboundarieswhile16.6%and13.0%
WhatAttributesaneventexpresses.
ofsentencescontainsexpectedandsurprisingevent
Whenaneventaffectsthesubject,thefeaturename
boundaries,respectively.
is preceded by an x, while if it affects others, it
Duetotheinherentsubjectivityofthetask,ag- hasano. oonlyappliestoReact,Effectand