. A reasonable metric
tions. WeutilizetheACE05dataset(Walkeretal.,
is the number of the labeled sub-structures; for
2006)fortheseIEtasks.
instance,thenumberoflabeledtokensforsequence
labeling or edges for dependency parsing. This
AL. FortheALprocedure,weadoptsettingsfol-
metriciscommonlyadoptedinpreviousPAwork
lowingconventionalpractices. Weusetheoriginal
(Tomanek and Hahn, 2009; Flannery and Mori,
trainingsetastheunlabeleddatapooltoselectin-
2015;Lietal.,2016;Radmardetal.,2021).
stances. Unless otherwise noted, we set the AL
Nevertheless,evaluatingonlybysub-structures
batch size (for sentence selection) to 4K tokens,
ignoresacrucialhiddencost: Thereadingtimeof
whichroughlycorrespondsto2%ofthetotalpool
the contexts. For example, in sequence labeling
sizeformostofthedatasetsweuse. Theinitialseed
withPA,althoughnoteverytokeninthesentence
trainingsetandthedevelopmentsetarerandomly
needstobetagged,theannotatormaystillneedto
sampled (with FA) using this batch size. Unless
readthewholesentencetounderstanditsmeaning.
otherwisenoted,werun14ALcyclesforeachex-
Therefore,ifperformingcomparisonsonlybythe
periment. IneachALcycle,were-trainourmodel
amountofannotatedsub-structures,itwillbeunfair
since we find incremental updating does not per-
fortheFAbaselinebecausemorecontextsmustbe
form well. Following most AL work, annotation
readtocarryoutPA.
issimulatedbycheckingandassigningthelabels
Inthiswork,weadoptasimpletwo-facetcom-
from the original dataset. In FA, we annotate all
parison scheme that considers both reading and
thesub-structuresfortheselectedsentences. InPA,
labeling costs. We first control the reading cost
wefirstdecidetheselectionratioandapplyittothe
selected sentences. We further adopt a he